Adding Directionality (#120)
Reed-CompBio/spras: CONTRIBUTING.md

First pull the image `<username>/local-neighborhood` from Docker Hub.
Then build the Docker image using the `Dockerfile` that was completed in Step 2.

> Modify Generate Inputs:

Reviewer: Lets use the "``" syntax for filenames in the new instructions below. Please also add the names of the text files to modify.

> Purpose: Update the references and expected files for the new algorithm.

Reviewer: What is "references" here?

Instructions:

> 1. Append the algorithm name to the existing algorithms list.

Reviewer: We discussed that this can be removed, we can loop over keys.

2. Include a key-value pair in the algo_exp_file dictionary that links the specific algorithm to its expected network file.

> 3. Store the expected network file at /test/GenerateInputs/expected using the naming convention: {algorithm name}-{network file name}-expected.txt.

Reviewer: To make this as user-friendly as possible for new contributors, I recommend adding a sentence "Obtain the expected network file from..."

Modify Parse Outputs:

> Purpose: Handle and verify the outputs of the new algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purpose: Verify the outputs of the new algorithm are converted to the universal pathway format correctly.
```

Instructions:

> 1. Save the raw-pathway output (from the run function in your wrapper) to /test/ParseOutputs/input. Name it as  {algorithm name}-raw-pathway.txt.

Reviewer: May want to say this can be obtained by running the Snakemake workflow.

2. Place the expected parsed output in the test/ParseOutputs/expected directory, following the naming pattern: {algorithm name}-pathway-expected.txt.
3. Add the new algorithm's name to the algorithms list.

> 

Reviewer: We'll also need to modify the "General steps for contributing a new pathway reconstruction algorithm" below to describe these testing updates.
